# Explanation

There are 3 concepts you need to understand to be a consistantly profitable trader:

1. Diversification
2. Risk Management
3. Statistically Signifigant Signals

There have been many funds that have gone under over the years. Archegos, Long term capital managment, Amaranth Advisors, Bear Stearns Asset Management, Option Sellers, LLC, and many more. What did that have in common? They used too much leverage on a single stock or strategy.  Imagine managing billions of dollars and putting it all into one bet based on your feelings.

We aim to survive in all possible markets no matter what happens by using 4 different strategies, position sizing, and historically profitable signals. We dont make huge bets based on news, "hunches",  or social media posts. 

Diversification:
1. Futures- short 2nd month vix during low volatility, trend follow all futures during high volatility. Historically, futures trend following does very well during market crashes, while vix futures decline in value in calm markets due to contango in the vix market. 
2. Stocks- We pick the 20 highest momentum stocks and rebalance weekly.
3. Crypto- We invest in the highest momentum cryptos on Gemini exchange.

Risk management:
We target 30% anualized volatility in all our strategies, and have stop losses.

Statistically Signifigant Signals:
We have backtested all our strategies with historical data and made them available here.

Our daily reports in the discord are examples of these principles, not specific investment advice. The graphs include the % allocation of each asset. The portfolio value is the raw account value. There are some straight lines where money was addded. 


# Disclaimer

All the information provided by Statbot LLC is published in good faith and for general information purpose only. Statbot LLC does not make any warranties about the completeness, reliability and accuracy of this information. Any action you take upon the information you find on Statbot LLC, is strictly at your own risk. Statbot LLC will not be liable for any losses and/or damages in connection with the use of our website. Statbot LLC is not a registered Financial advisor.
We make every effort to ensure that we accurately represent these products and services and their potential for income. Earning and Income statements made by our company and its customers are estimates of what we think you can possibly earn. There is no guarantee that you will make these levels of income and you accept the risk that the earnings and income statements differ by individual.

As with any business, your results may vary, and will be based on your individual capacity, business experience, expertise, and level of desire. There are no guarantees concerning the level of success you may experience. The testimonials and examples used are exceptional results, which do not apply to the average purchaser, and are not intended to represent or guarantee that anyone will achieve the same or similar results. Each individual's success depends on his or her background, dedication, desire and motivation. Some individuals did succeed beyond expectations and that is of course always a possibility for any user.
There is no assurance that examples of past earnings can be duplicated in the future. We cannot guarantee your future results and/or success. There are some unknown risks in business and on the internet that we cannot foresee which can reduce results. We are not responsible for your actions.

The use of our information, products and services should be based on your own due diligence and you agree that our company is not liable for any success or failure of your business that is directly or indirectly related to the purchase and use of our information, products and services.
Any opinions, news, research, analysis, prices, or other information contained on this website and/or software is provided as general market commentary, and does not constitute investment advice. Statbot LLC will not accept liability for any loss or damage, including without limitation to, any loss of profit, which may arise directly or indirectly from use of or reliance on such information. You must do your own due diligence for each trading signal and only invest according to your personal risk tolerance.

Trading generally is not appropriate for someone with limited resources and limited investment or trading experience and low risk tolerance.
Trading of forex,cryptocurrency, CFDs, derivatives and other investment products that are leveraged, can carry a high level of risk, and may not be suitable for all investors. The nature of leveraged products means that any market movement will have an equally proportional effect on your deposited funds. This may work against you as well as for you. It is possible that you could sustain a total loss of initial margin funds and will need to deposit additional funds to maintain your position. If you fail to meet any margin requirement, your position may be liquidated and you will be responsible for any resulting losses. Selling short may result in losses beyond your initial deposit as well, because you may have to purchase a security at a very high price in order to cover a short position. YOU MAY RAPIDLY LOSE ALL OF THE FUNDS DEPOSITED FOR TRADING AND YOU MAY EVEN LOSE MORE THAN YOUR DEPOSIT. Penny stock investors are often unable to sell stock back to the dealer that sold them the stock. Therefore, you should not speculate with capital that you cannot afford to lose. In particular, you should not fund trading with retirement savings, student loans, second mortgages, emergency funds, funds set aside for purposes such as education or home-ownership, or funds required to meet your living expenses.

Trading and investing in cryptocurrencies (also called digital or virtual currencies, crypto assets, altcoins and so on) involves substantial risk of loss and is not suitable for every investor. The valuation of cryptocurrencies and futures may fluctuate, and, as a result, clients may lose more than their original investment. The highly leveraged nature of futures trading means that small market movements will have a great impact on your trading account and this can work against you, leading to large losses or can work for you, leading to large gains.

Trading requires good knowledge of financial markets, trading techniques and strategies. You should understand that while trading you will compete with other market professionals, licensed traders and those employed by trading firms. In addition to normal market risks, you may experience losses due to system failures. Trading also may result in paying large commissions. The total size of commissions that you pay on your trades may significantly add to your losses or significantly reduce your earnings.

Before deciding to trade you should carefully consider your objectives, financial resources, needs, your level of experience and other circumstances. We recommend you seek advice from an independent financial advisor before going into real trading.

# No Investment Advice Provided

Any opinions, chats, messages, news, research, analyses, prices or other information contained on Statbot LLC are provided as general market information for educational and entertainment purposes only, and do not constitute investment advice. Statbot LLC should not be relied upon as a substitute for extensive independent market research before making your actual trading decisions. Opinions, market data, recommendations or any other content is subject to change at any time without notice. Statbot LLC will not accept liability for any loss or damage, including without limitation any loss of profit, which may arise directly or indirectly from use of or reliance on such information.

None of the content published by Statbot LLC constitutes a recommendation that any particular cryptocurrency, portfolio of cryptocurrencies, transaction or investment strategy is suitable for any specific person. None of the information providers or their affiliates will advise you personally concerning the nature, potential, value or suitability of any particular cryptocurrency, portfolio of cryptocurrencies, transaction, investment strategy or other matter.
Statbot LLC provides information about the stock market and other investments. Statbot LLC does not provide investment advice and should not be used as a replacement for investment advice from a qualified professional. Statbot LLC is for informational purposes only. The owners of Statbot LLC are not a registered investment advisor and do not offer investment advice. You, the reader, bear responsibility for your own investment decisions and should seek the advice of a qualified securities professional before making any investment.

We do not recommend the use of technical analysis as a sole means of trading decisions. We do not recommend making hurried trading decisions. You should always understand that PAST PERFORMANCE IS NOT NECESSARILY INDICATIVE OF FUTURE RESULTS.

# Disclosure

Statbot LLC is an independent investment information service and does not receive compensation in exchange for coverage of publicly traded companies. We are never compensated for choosing specific stocks. We are never compensated for grading a stock in a specific way. We do not manage any client assets under any circumstance. Statbot LLC is not a broker.

# Consent

By using our website, you hereby consent to our disclaimer and agree to its terms.


This disclaimer is to be read in its entirety, and fully understood before using our site, software, products or services. Statbot LLC is an independent software developer committed to providing our users with factual information on publicly traded companies. All companies are chosen on the basis of certain financial analysis and other pertinent criteria with a view toward maximizing the upside potential for investors while minimizing the downside risk, whenever possible. Statbot LLC under no circumstance manually chooses specific stocks or companies. This is not an offer to buy or sell securities. Information or opinions are presented solely for informational purposes, and are not intended nor should they be construed as investment advice. Neither Statbot LLC nor any of its employees, affiliates, subsidiaries, or family members are registered security advisers or registered stock brokers and shall not be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, special or consequential damages arising out of or resulting from the use or inability to use this site, including but not limited to damages for the loss of capital, funds, profits, use, data, or any and all other possible damages, even if such party has been advised of the possibility of such damages resulting from the use of this site and all information contained on this site. The information provided by Statbot LLC is not intended for distribution to, or use by, any person or entity in any jurisdiction or country where such distribution or use would be contrary to law or regulation or which would subject us to any registration requirement within such jurisdiction or country. While we believe all sources of information to be factual and reliable, in no way do we represent or guarantee the accuracy thereof, nor the statements made herein. Statbot LLC does not accept compensation from companies which might appear on Statbot LLC reports. A profile, description, or other mention of a company on Statbot LLC is neither an offer nor solicitation to buy or sell any securities mentioned. Nothing by Statbot LLC is a solicitation to buy or sell any securities. The information presented is for informational purposes only. While we believe all sources of information to be factual and reliable, in no way do we represent or guarantee the accuracy thereof, nor the statements made herein. The information contained herein contains forward-looking information within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act including statements regarding expected continual growth of the company and the value of its securities. In accordance with the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 it is hereby noted that statements contained herein that look forward in time which include everything other than historical information, involve risk and uncertainties that may affect the company's actual results of operation. Factors that could cause actual results to differ include the size and growth of the market for the company's products, the company's ability to fund its capital requirements in the near term and in the long term, pricing pressures, unforeseen and/or unexpected circumstances in happenings, pricing pressures, etc. Investing in securities is speculative and carries risk. Past performance does not guarantee future results. Companies mentioned herein may carry a high degree of investment risk; users should carefully review the companies thoroughly with their registered securities adviser or registered stockbroker. Users should ALWAYS do their own due diligence, and this service is not intended, nor should it be construed as any form of research, or due diligence. WE ARE NOT LIABLE FOR ANY DECISIONS MADE BY OUR USERS. We encourage our users to invest carefully and read the investor information available at the web sites of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) at www.sec.gov and the National Association of Securities Dealers (NASD)at www.nasd.com. The NASD has published information on how to invest carefully at its website. Users can review all public filings by companies at the SEC's EDGAR page www.sec.gov/edgar.shtml. The statements contained herein does not purport to be a complete study of chosen companies or other companies mentioned. Information used and may have been obtained from the chosen companies and/or other sources,but not verified nor guaranteed by Statbot LLC as to completeness or accuracy. Such information is subject to change without notice. Trademarks are the property of their respective owners. This disclaimer may change from time to time without any further notice.

U.S. Government Required Disclaimer - Commodity Futures Trading Commission Futures and Options trading has large potential rewards, but also large potential risks. You must be aware of the risks and be willing to accept them in order to invest in the futures and options markets. Don't trade with money you can't afford to lose. This is neither a solicitation nor an offer to Buy/Sell futures or options. No representation is being made that any account will or is likely to achieve profits or losses similar to those discussed on this web site. The past performance of any trading system or methodology is not necessarily indicative of future results.

CFTC RULE 4.41 - HYPOTHETICAL OR SIMULATED PERFORMANCE RESULTS HAVE CERTAIN LIMITATIONS. UNLIKE AN ACTUAL PERFORMANCE RECORD, SIMULATED RESULTS DO NOT REPRESENT ACTUAL TRADING. ALSO, SINCE THE TRADES HAVE NOT BEEN EXECUTED, THE RESULTS MAY HAVE UNDER-OR-OVER COMPENSATED FOR THE IMPACT, IF ANY, OF CERTAIN MARKET FACTORS, SUCH AS LACK OF LIQUIDITY. SIMULATED TRADING PROGRAMS IN GENERAL ARE ALSO SUBJECT TO THE FACT THAT THEY ARE DESIGNED WITH THE BENEFIT OF HINDSIGHT. NO REPRESENTATION IS BEING MADE THAT ANY ACCOUNT WILL OR IS LIKELY TO ACHIEVE PROFIT OR LOSSES SIMILAR TO THOSE SHOWN.
